Rockstar is currently seeking an Animation Programmer with an interest in researching Computer Vision and Machine Learning.

We are looking for a talented engineer to help us develop advanced facial performance capture, animation, and rigging technology for our character based games. You should have strong initiative, a detailed knowledge of image processing, photogrammetry, and machine/deep learning techniques, as well as an interest in realistic, high quality facial performance capture.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Research, develop, maintain, extend, and support a wide range of facial image processing and surface reconstruction, animation, and rigging performance capture technology, editing pipelines, tools, and runtime systems.
Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios.
Keep up to date with the latest academic and industry breakthroughs, independently research and develop improvements to continuously push our technology forward.
REQUIREMENTS
A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Expertise in image processing and computer vision techniques, photogrammetry, surface reconstruction, and mesh geometry.
Practical success in data engineering, applying the latest machine learning / deep learning (ML/DL) approaches to production scale problems.
Strong Python programming skills, and a 3D math background.
Knowledge of existing facial capture approaches, FACS poses, facial blend shape rigs, feature detection, etc.
Experience developing within a large existing codebase, collaborating or working independently within a large team.
Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with programmers, technical artists, animators, and riggers.
DESIRED
Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation.
C/C++ and C# programming skills.
Exposure to relational databases (SQL), large scale data management, or data modelling/engineering problems.
Proficiency in animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in 3DS Max, Maya, or Blender, etc.
Familiarity with optimization and multi-threading techniques.
Experience writing GPU shaders, or with GPGPU programming (CUDA, OpenCL etc).
Strong R&D mindset, adept at taking the initiative on researching and experimenting with new ideas, solutions, and technologies.
Passion for character based games, good eye for facial performance capture.